Title: Exchange (2013)
Date: 2013-12-02 15:54
Tags: Trangallan,Upstairs at The Ten Bells,Daniel Avery,Koya Bar,Timberyard - Edinburgh,Gujarati Rasoi,London,La Fromagerie,Floating Points,Mehliana,Edinburgh,Eli Verveine,The Gardener's Cottage,Axel Boman
Image: /images/GloryboxEdinburgh.jpg


![](/images/GloryboxEdinburgh.jpg)

Right all the time.


Who else expected a little bit more from 2013? Who else got that
little bit more and almost immediately realised that being excessive,
totally unrestrained and superfluous wasn't particularly attractive at
all? Nevertheless, I trust that you've all had your fair share of
highlights while I've been fine-tuning the art of stepping back to
'within normal limits' and regaining a tad more balance and momentum
in my life. Speaking of highlights...

*Still listening intently*

**Eli Verveine -**

This lady possesses just the right amount of sensitivity, which always
translates well when listening to her carefully considered mixes. One
of Zurich's finest DJ's.

{% soundcloud 117450468 %}

**[Brad Mehldau](http://www.bradmehldau.com/) and [Mark Guiliana](http://www.markguiliana.com/) - [Mehliana](https://soundcloud.com/nonesuchrecords/mehliana-hungry-ghost) - **

Now that was what you would call an incredible live performance from
this highly accomplished duo at the Barbican Centre for The EFG London
Jazz Festival. Some might say they 'smashed it'. The only thing I'd
like to add to that is this: they made it look so easy.

**Axel Boman -**

The grand daddy of clever and cool, standing out like a king amongst
men in today's seemingly flailing DJ circuit. Whilst others are
flagging, Mr Boman, you give me hope for tomorrow and better days to
come.

{% soundcloud 116674221 %}

**Floating Points -**

Smartie pie - Sam Shepherd of [Eglo Records](http://eglorecords.com/)
remains to be a crystalline clear favourite of mine over and over
again. Well done to [Pitt Cue Co.](http://www.pittcue.co.uk/) for
playing Floating Points during a historic meal, which mainly consisted
of bone marrow mash. It was like a dream. And the bone marrow mash
wasn't bad either.

{% soundcloud 100363 %}

**Lanterns On The Lake -**

When I'm not listening to [Daughter](http://www.ohdaughter.com/), I'm
busy wondering what life would be like if I listened to Lanterns On
The Lake, in a similar 'almost exclusively' fashion instead. It's a
tough one.

{% soundcloud 3164704 %}

**Daniel Avery -**

If my memory serves me correctly, some of those hazy flashbacks
refresh the full force of Daniel Avery as 'StopMakingMe' at Fabric
in 2009. Fly forward to 2013 and he finally emerges as one of the
strongest artists of the last few years, gaining the recognition he
downright deserves with his album 'Drone Logic'. If you, like me and
Avery call yourselves part of the 'Breezeblock' generation, what lies
ahead may just be as exciting and mind-bending as those unforgettable
sounds that so many of us used to stay up all night for, just to
explore and capture onto magnetic tape, a brief history of the
foundations of modern day electronic music and its masterpieces.

{% soundcloud 114201773 %}


Still moving in their own way


![](/images/GloryboxGC.jpg)

The Gardener's Cottage - Edinburgh

[La Fromagerie](http://www.lafromagerie.co.uk/) - Fleur de chevre, black olive crackers, a glass of Sancerre. You could get used to it.

[Kirazu](http://www.kirazu.co.uk/) - One man with a lot of work on his hands. I think Chef Yuya Kikuchi pulls it off rather gracefully. Expect some competent cooking with clean flavours on the regular.

[The Quality Chop House](http://thequalitychophouse.com/) - Utterly professional. I liked the ceps, puffball, parfait and pig skin. Do you think they do lessons in how to set up and run a successful restaurant?

[Bright Courtyard Club](http://brightcourtyard.co.uk/) - My personal preference above many other contenders. Join Bright Courtyard Club and contribute towards the global drive to outlaw cheap tasting Chinese food.

[Koya Bar](http://www.koyabar.co.uk/) - Immaculate and addictive. [Koya](http://www.koya.co.uk/) just keeps going from strength to strength.

﻿﻿

![](/images/GloryboxTMY2.jpg)

Timberyard - Edinburgh
﻿

[Gujarati Rasoi](http://www.gujaratirasoi.com/) - This
[post](http://intotheglorybox.com/gujarati-rasoi-bradbury-street-dalston-london.html)
reveals all.  ﻿

[Spuntino](http://spuntino.co.uk/) - Perfect panzanella as well as
good old-fashioned no-nonsense hospitality from the staff.

[Little Social](http://www.littlesocial.co.uk/) - Dear Caragh and
Alex - Thank you for this wonderful meal. I couldn't get a word in
edgeways, but that's ok as neither could Daniel, nor anybody else... x

[Upstairs at the Ten Bells](http://tenbells.com/) - *That* fig oil,
jam and fig tart with crème fraiche. On that dessert alone, the team
at Upstairs at the Ten Bells can kiss the future.

![](/images/GloryboxKoyaBar.jpg)

 Koya Bar

[Timberyard - Edinburgh](http://www.timberyard.co/) - Absolutely spot
on. This place may cause a few of you to get more than a little
excited. With its innovative food and cocktail menu, along with a
beautiful interior space (still smelling of the saw mill and full of
character), I wouldn't be surprised if it becomes almost impossible to
get in on weekends without booking weeks in advance.

[Trangallan](http://www.trangallan.com/) - From start to finish, the
choice of ingredients and cooking demonstrate a higher level of
thinking than what you may be accustomed to experiencing at
neighbourhood restaurants. Believe me, a find such as Trangallan in
Newington Green is one to hold onto for dear life.

[Six Eight Kafe](http://www.sixeightkafe.co.uk/) - Six Eight Kafe can
be classified as one of 5 official safe havens in Birmingham. I could
tell you about the other ones, but surely part of the thrill lies in
finding those places for yourself? Birmingham is now a distant memory
as I've come back home to the big big smoke. During my time there
though, Six Eight sure gave me something to remember, by keeping me
sufficiently cool during those hot summer months with their perfect
cold brew coffee.

[The Gardener's Cottage - Edinburgh](http://www.thegardenerscottage.co/). Saving
the best for last. The Gardener's Cottage is the antidote to all those
disappointing meals and banal food trends you've been subjected to in
the past few months. Let me know if you find any places similar to
this. We loved the game faggot, green bean and pak choi, as well as
the smoked duck, yoghurt, charred vegetable and celeriac as part of a
6 course dinner (plus a few extra surprises thrown in for good
measure). Crowdie and rye bread ice cream sandwich with rhubarb was a
superb end to my most memorable meal of 2013. Just feast your eyes on
their daily changing menus for brunch, lunch and dinner. If charm is
what you're looking for then this is your place to be. Dive in.


![](/images/GloryboxUpstairs.jpg)

Upstairs at The Ten Bells
