{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The Woolpack Inn - Slad - Stroud - Gloucestershire\
\
Southwest of Cheltenham, hidden in the Stroud district is the quintessential English town of Painswick. If, like me, you\'92re in need of the occasional long country walk over the weekend then make your way to the Cotswold valleys in Gloucestershire. \
\
Oh Airbnb [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.airbnb.co.uk/rooms/1405766"}}{\fldrslt https://www.airbnb.co.uk/rooms/1405766}}], you are full of great ideas and good finds. Staying at Mayfield Studio will get you off to a strong start to discovering some of the surrounding areas many delights, including the incredibly quaint \'93Woolpack Inn\'94 [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.woolpackslad.co.uk/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.woolpackslad.co.uk/}}] in Slad. \
\
Don\'92t get me wrong, I am all for Antic Collective [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://anticlondon.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://anticlondon.com/}}] style pubs uncontrollably cropping up all over London. I mean, one of the reasons and main attractions of moving to (dare I say, \'93settling?\'94) in Leytonstone was down to the brilliant Red Lion [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.theredlionleytonstone.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.theredlionleytonstone.com/}}]. On the other hand, it is saddening to see certain pubs dying on their arses like it\'92s going out of fashion. \
\
If more pubs were full of character, authenticity and strangely attractive like The Woolpack Inn, I strongly believe they would stand the true test of time and fierce competition. Glossy plates of food with all their ingredients and components retaining their natural colours just kept coming out of The Woolpack kitchen. They did not disappoint, neither did the views overlooking the undulating hills nor the knowledge that as much as I love London, there are places like this I can escape to. \
\
Other recommendations such as Stroud Farmers\'92 Market [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://fresh-n-local.co.uk/trader/stroud/"}}{\fldrslt http://fresh-n-local.co.uk/trader/stroud/}}], The Butchers Arms (Sheepscombe) [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.butchers-arms.co.uk/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.butchers-arms.co.uk/}}] and a wander around Cirencester serve as a testament to the quality of life that can be experienced within surrounding areas. After spending less than a few days and not enough nights there, I\'92ve come to the conclusion that those who know, choose to live in the Cotswolds, where the grass appears to be so much greener.\
\
Pictures: Landscaped garden, Books, Cheltenham, Woolpack Inn\
}